AU1LINDAT
KUPNÍ SMLOUVA – AUTOMOBIL
Name and surname/firm …
Apartment/based …
Birth number/ID …
hereinafter referred to as the ‘seller’, on the one hand
and
Name and surname/firm …
Apartment/based …
Birth number/ID …
the buyer, on the other hand
They conclude the following day, month, and year, in accordance with Section 2079 et seq. of Act No 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code, with the following purchase agreement:
I.
The seller hereby declares that it is the sole owner of the motor vehicle referred to in Article L. II of that contract and that the subject-matter of the purchase is not subject to third-party rights or other restrictions.
II.
The object of this contract is the sale and purchase of the following motor vehicle:
Factory make … and model …
Vehicle identification number (VIN) …
Colour of vehicle …
Year of manufacture … RD: …
Large technical pass number …
The number of kilometers traveled …
Number of keys …
The condition of the vehicle when sold (this is especially advisable for the seller to list all mechanical defects in particular)…
Motor vehicle accessories (spare wheels, towing device, etc.) …
The seller of this contract, and under the terms and conditions agreed therein, sells the aforementioned passenger car to the buyer together with its accessories, and the buyer buys this car into his sole possession at an agreed purchase price of … CZK (in words: … Czech crowns).
The buyer paid the purchase price in cash (by eventual transfer to the seller's bank account No: …/…) within … days of signing this contract.
Payment of the purchase price under this contract takes place on the day the amount is credited to the seller’s account.
III.
The seller states that he is not aware of any hidden defects in the car being sold that he has not brought to the buyer's attention.
The buyer declares that he has duly acquainted himself with the condition of the motor vehicle being sold, in particular any defects described in Art. II of that treaty, and in that state it takes possession of it.
IV.
The risk of damage to the item passes to the buyer by taking the item.
The seller undertakes to log the vehicle in question on the buyer from the motor vehicle register no later than … working days from the signature of this contract and to hand over to the buyer the vehicle documents (technical licence, vehicle registration certificate) which, due to changes in the vehicle register, he was unable to hand over when the contract was signed.
Event. the seller issued a power of attorney to the buyer when signing this contract, entitling the buyer to make changes of ownership in the vehicle registration.
A reservation of title is recommended in case of payment of the purchase price by transfer to the account:
The seller negotiates a reservation of title to the object of purchase.
The parties have agreed that the object of the purchase remains until the full payment of the entire purchase price referred to in Art. II owned by the seller.
The buyer must refrain from any disposition of the vehicle that could jeopardize the seller’s reservation of ownership.
By paying the purchase price referred to in Art. II of this contract, transfers to the buyer the title of the motor vehicle sold.
For older vehicles whose actual technical condition is very difficult to ascertain due to unclear mileage, etc., an alternative provision under NOZ 1916 may be recommended for the seller:
The buyer explicitly states that it is waiving its rights from defective goods.
V.
The Contracting Parties declare that they are fully entitled to legal action, that they have read the contract before signing it, that they agree with its contents, and that they add their signatures to prove this.
This Treaty shall take effect on the date of its signature by both Parties.
This contract shall be drawn up in duplicate, one of which each Contracting Party shall receive.
Done at … on
…
Seller

Done at … on
…
Buyer
