AU1BING
PURCHASE CONTRACT – AUTOMOBILE
Name and surname/company ...
Apartment/with registered office ...
Birth number/Id number ...
hereinafter referred to as "seller" on the one hand
A
Name and surname/company ...
Apartment/with registered office ...
Birth number/Id number ...
hereinafter referred to as "buyer" on the other hand
the following day, month and year in accordance with the provisions of § 2079 and the following. Act No. 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code, the following purchase contract:
I.
The seller hereby declares that he is the sole owner of a motor vehicle referred to in Article 1(1) of Directive 91/414/EEC. ii of this Agreement and that the subject-matter of the purchase does not affect the rights of third parties or other restrictions.
Ii.
The subject of this Agreement is the sale and purchase of the following motor vehicle:
Factory brand ... and model ...
Vehicle identification number (VIN) ...
The color of the vehicle ...
Year... Rz:...
Number of a large technical card ...
Mileage ...
Number of keys ...
The condition of the vehicle at sale (here it is recommended especially for the seller to list all especially mechanical defects)...
Motor vehicle accessories (spare wheels, towing hitch, etc.) ...
The seller sells the above-mentioned passenger car to the Buyer together with his accessories by this agreement and under the terms and conditions agreed therein, and the buyer buys the car at the agreed purchase price at its exclusive ownership, at an agreed purchase price of ... Czk (in the words: ... czech crowns).
The buyer paid the purchase price in cash (or by transfer to the seller's bank account No: .../...) to ... days after the signature of this Agreement.
Payment of the purchase price under this contract occurs on the day on which the relevant amount is credited to the seller's account.
Iii.
The seller declares that he is not aware of any hidden defects of the car being sold, which he would not have notified the buyer of.
The buyer declares that he has properly become acquainted with the condition of the motor vehicle sold, in particular any possible defects described in Article 1(1) of Directive 91/414/EEC. ii of this Agreement and in this state acquires it into its ownership.
Iv.
The risk of damage to the goods passes to the buyer by taking over the item.
The Seller undertakes to log the vehicle in question to the buyer from the register of motor vehicles, no later than ... working days from the signature of this contract and to hand over to the buyer documents from the vehicle (technical certificate, vehicle registration certificate) which, due to the implementation of changes in the registration of vehicles, could not pass on at the time of signature of the contract.
Event. the seller has issued the buyer with a power of attorney at the time of signing this contract, which entitles the buyer to make changes of ownership in the vehicle register.
In case of payment of the purchase price by transfer to the account, a reservation of ownership is recommended:
The Seller negotiates a reservation of ownership of the subject of purchase.
The Contracting Parties agree that the subject-matter of the purchase remains, until the full payment of the full purchase price referred to in Article 11(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1254/1999, the price of the purchase. II owned by the seller.
The buyer must refrain from any disposition with the vehicle that could jeopardise the reservation of the seller's ownership.
By paying the purchase price referred to in Article 11(1) of Regulation (EC) No 12 II of this Agreement, passes to the buyer the ownership of the motor vehicle sold.
For older vehicles whose actual technical condition is very difficult to detect due to the unclear number of mileage, etc. alternative provisions according to § 1916 NOZ may be recommended for the seller:
The Buyer expressly declares that he waives his rights due to defects in the goods.
V.
The contracting parties declare that they are fully entitled to legal action, that they have read the contract before signing, agree to its content and attach their signatures to proof thereof.
This Agreement shall take effect and take effect on the date of its signature by both parties.
This Agreement shall be concluded in two copies, each of which shall receive one.
V... Day
...
Seller

V... Day
...
Buyer
