AU1GOOGLE
PURCHASE CONTRACT - CAR
Name and surname / company…
Residential /…
Social Security Number / ID…
hereinafter referred to as the 'seller', of the one part
and
Name and surname / company…
Residential /…
Social Security Number / ID…
hereinafter referred to as the "Buyer" on the other hand
conclude the following day, month and year in accordance with § 2079 et seq. of Act No. 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code, this purchase contract:
AND.
The Seller hereby declares that it is the sole owner of the motor vehicle referred to in Article II of this Contract and that the subject of the purchase is not subject to any third party rights or other restrictions.
II.
The subject of this contract is the sale and purchase of the following motor vehicle:
Factory mark… and model…
Vehicle identification number (VIN)…
Vehicle color…
Year of manufacture… SS:…
Large technical license number…
Mileage…
Number of keys…
Condition of the vehicle on sale (here it is recommended especially for the seller to list all especially mechanical defects)…
Motor vehicle accessories (spare wheels, towing equipment, etc.)…
By this Agreement and under the terms and conditions agreed upon by the Seller, the Seller sells the above-mentioned passenger car together with its accessories and the Buyer purchases this car for the agreed purchase price into its exclusive ownership for the agreed purchase price of CZK… .
The buyer paid the purchase price in cash (or by bank transfer to the Seller's bank account no .:… /…) within… days of signing this contract.
Payment of the purchase price under this Agreement shall be effected on the day the relevant amount is credited to the Seller's account.
III.
The Seller declares that he / she is not aware of any hidden defects of the car being sold, which he / she would not notify the Buyer of.
The Buyer declares that he / she has duly acquainted himself / herself with the condition of the motor vehicle being sold, in particular with all possible defects described in Article II of this Contract and in this condition acquires it into its ownership.
IV.
The risk of damage to the goods passes to the Buyer upon receipt of the goods.
The Seller undertakes to deregister the vehicle to the Buyer from the vehicle registration no later than… working days from the signature of this contract and to hand over to the Buyer documents from the vehicle (technical license, vehicle registration certificate) which hand over when signing the contract.
Event. at the time of signing this contract, the seller has issued a power of attorney to the buyer, which entitles the buyer to make changes in the ownership of vehicles.
In the event of payment of the purchase price by bank transfer, a retention of title is recommended:
The seller negotiates a reservation of title to the object of purchase.
The Contracting Parties agree that the subject matter of the purchase remains the property of the Seller until the full purchase price referred to in Article II has been paid in full.
The buyer must refrain from any disposition with the vehicle that could jeopardize the seller's retention of title.
Upon payment of the purchase price referred to in Article II of this contract, the ownership title of the sold motor vehicle is transferred to the buyer.
In the case of older vehicles whose actual technical condition is very difficult to detect due to the unclear mileage, etc., an alternative provision under § 1916 NOZ may be recommended for the seller:
The Buyer expressly declares that it waives its rights from defects of the goods.
IN.
The contracting parties declare that they are fully entitled to legal action, that they have read the contract before signing, agree with its content and in witness whereof attach their signatures.
This Agreement shall enter into force and effect on the date of its signature by both Parties.
This Contract is concluded in two counterparts, of which each Contracting Party shall receive one.
At day
…
Seller

At day
…
Buyer
