AU2LINDAT
CONTRACT ABOUT THE MOTOR VEHICLE
Name and surname: …
Date of birth/ID: …
Apartment: …
(‘the seller’) on the one hand
and
Name and surname: …
Date of birth/ID: …
Apartment: …
(‘the buyer’) on the other hand
(together also referred to as ‘Contracting Parties’)
concluded pursuant to ust. § 2079 et seq., Act No 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code below, on the following date:
Motor vehicle sales agreement
(‘the contract’)
I.
The object of this contract is the sale and purchase of the motor vehicle specified below (hereinafter referred to as ‘the vehicle’):
Vehicle make: …
Make: …
Registration number (licence plate): …
Year of construction: …
Vehicle identification number (VIN): …
Body colour: …
Number of kilometres driven: …
Other accessories: …
The seller is responsible for the veracity of the above data on the vehicle sold.
II.
The seller declares and, by signing this contract, certifies that the object of the sale is in his sole possession and that no rights and claims of third parties are attached to the vehicle.
It further states that the car is not stolen, the vehicle is not used as collateral, it is not subject to execution and it is not aware of any circumstances that would prevent the sale of the vehicle.
The seller further states that he is aware of the following defects in the vehicle at the date of sale: … .
The seller states that he has not concealed from the buyer any fault of which he is aware.
The seller claims that the car was – was not in the past crashed.
III.
The buyer understands the fact that he is buying an item that is already in use and declares that he has familiarized himself with the technical condition of the vehicle, its operator, and that he has been given a test drive of sufficient length.
The buyer states that he has been clearly briefed by the seller about the aforementioned vehicle defects and takes note of them.
IV.
The vehicle referred to in Article I of this Agreement shall be sold by the seller to the buyer with all parts and accessories for an agreed total purchase price of … CZK (with the words: …).
The purchase price shall be paid by the buyer by transfer to the seller's bank account No …/… within … days of the signature of this contract.
Payment of the purchase price under this contract takes place on the day the amount is credited to the seller’s account.
V.
The seller negotiates a reservation of title to the item of sale.
The Parties agree that the vehicle specified above shall remain the property of the seller until full payment of the total purchase price.
The buyer commits to refrain from any disposition of the vehicle that could jeopardize the seller's reservation of ownership.
By paying the total purchase price referred to in Art. IV of this contract, transfers to the buyer the ownership of the sold vehicle.
VI. The seller undertakes, at the date of signature of this contract, to hand over to the buyer all the technical documentation and accessories relating to the vehicle:
Vehicle registration certificate Part I. Number: 	…
Vehicle registration certificate Part II. Number: …
Vehicle service book No … published on …
Emission measurement certificate, including … pieces of vehicle keys.
The seller states that he is not in possession of other or replacement car keys.
VII.
Both the seller and the buyer commit to filing jointly an application to register the change of owner or road vehicle operator at the relevant Department of Transport Administrative Agencies of the Municipal Bureau of Extended Operations at the seller's domicile within 10 days of the signing of this contract.
The buyer notes that the seller will cancel the motor vehicle liability insurance immediately after the contract is signed and the buyer is therefore obliged to insure the vehicle without delay.
VIII.
Provisions not covered by this Treaty shall be governed by generally applicable law of the Czech Republic, in particular pursuant to Section 2079 et seq., Act No 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code.
Amendments or additions to this contract shall require the form of a written amendment, signed by both Parties.
The contract is drawn up in two copies, each of which the contracting parties will receive one.
The parties explicitly state that they read the contract properly before signing it, that they agree to its contents, and that it was concluded according to their free and true will, in a serious and comprehensible manner, not in distress and under conspicuously unfavourable conditions for one of the parties.
They add their own handwritten signatures as proof.
Done at …

...
Seller

...
Buyer

