AU2GOOGLE
CONTRACT FOR THE SALE OF MOTOR VEHICLES
Name and surname: …
Date of birth / IČ:…
Bytem:…
('the Seller') on the one hand
and
Name and surname: …
Date of birth / IČ:…
Bytem:…
(“Buyer”), on the other hand
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Parties")
2079 et seq., Act no. No. 89/2012 Coll., the Civil Code on the following day:
Motor vehicle sales contract
hereinafter referred to as "the Agreement"
AND.
The subject matter of this Agreement is the sale and purchase of a motor vehicle specified below (hereinafter referred to as “vehicles”):
Make of vehicle:…
Model:…
Registration number (license plate):…
Year of manufacture: …
Vehicle identification number (VIN):…
Body color:…
Mileage:…
Other accessories:…
The seller is responsible for the veracity of the above data on the vehicle sold.
II.
The Seller declares and confirms by its signature of this contract that the subject of the sale is in its exclusive ownership and that no rights and claims of third parties are attached to the vehicle.
It further states that the car is not stolen, the vehicle is not used as a pledge, is not subject to distraint and is not aware of any circumstances preventing the vehicle from being sold.
The Seller further declares that he is aware of the following defects on the vehicle at the date of sale:….
The Seller declares that it has not concealed any defect known to the Buyer.
The seller declares that the car was - has not been crashed in the past.
III.
The buyer is aware of the fact that he is buying the item already in use and declares that he has been thoroughly and thoroughly acquainted with the technical condition of the vehicle, its operation and that a sufficient length of the test drive has been carried out.
The Buyer declares that it has been clearly informed by the Seller of the above-mentioned vehicle defects and acknowledges them.
IV.
The Seller sells the vehicle referred to in Article I. of this Agreement to the Buyer with all components and accessories for the agreed total purchase price of CZK… (in words:…).
The Buyer shall pay the purchase price by transfer to the Seller's bank account No.… /… within… days from the signature of this Contract.
Payment of the purchase price pursuant to this Contract shall be effected on the day the relevant amount is credited to the Seller's account.
IN.
The Seller makes a reservation of title to the subject of sale.
The Contracting Parties agree that the vehicle specified above remains the property of the Seller until the full purchase price has been paid.
The Buyer undertakes to refrain from any disposition with the vehicle that could jeopardize the Seller's retention of title.
Upon payment of the total purchase price referred to in Article IV of this Agreement, the ownership of the vehicle being sold shall pass to the Buyer.
VI. The Seller undertakes to deliver to the Buyer all technical documentation and accessories related to the vehicle at the date of signature of this Contract:
Vehicle registration certificate Part I. (Small technical license) No:…
Vehicle registration certificate Part II. (Large technical license) No:…
Vehicle Service Book No… issued on…
Emission measurement certificate, including… vehicle keys.
The Seller declares that it does not hold any other or other vehicle keys.
VII.
Both the Seller and the Buyer undertake to submit the Application for registration of the change of the owner or operator of the road vehicle to the relevant department of transport administration agendas of the municipal office with extended competence in the seller's permanent residence within 10 days of signing this contract.
The Buyer acknowledges that the Seller shall immediately cancel the motor third party liability insurance immediately after signing the Contract and the Buyer is therefore obliged to immediately insure the vehicle.
VIII.
Provisions not regulated by this Agreement shall be governed by the generally applicable legal regulations of the Czech Republic, in particular pursuant to Section 2079 et seq. No. 89/2012 Coll., the Civil Code.
Changes or amendments to this Agreement require a written amendment signed by both parties.
The contract is made in two counterparts, each of which the parties receive one.
The Contracting Parties expressly declare that they have read this Agreement duly before signing, that they agree to its content and that it was concluded in accordance with their free and genuine will, seriously and comprehensibly, not in distress and under conspicuously disadvantageous conditions for one of the parties.
In witness whereof, they attach their handwritten signatures.
At day …

…
Seller

…
Buyer
