AU2BING
CONTRACT FOR THE SALE OF A MOTOR VEHICLE
Name and surname: ...
Date of birth / Company ID: ...
Apartment: ...
(hereinafter referred to as "Seller") on the one hand
A
Name and surname: ...
Date of birth / Company ID: ...
Apartment: ...
(hereinafter referred to as "buyer") on the other hand
(together also as 'Contracting Parties')
concluded according to ust.  § 2079 and 100000 No. 89/2012 Coll., the Civil Code below follows:
Contract for the sale of a motor vehicle
hereinafter referred to as the "Contract"
I.
The subject of this Agreement is the sale and purchase of the motor vehicle specified below (hereinafter referred to as "vehicles"):
Vehicle mark: ...
Model:...
Registration plate number (license plate): ...
Year:...
Vehicle identification number (VIN): ...
Body color: ...
Mileage: ...
Other accessories: ...
The Seller is responsible for the veracity of the above data about the vehicle sold.
Ii. 
The Seller declares and by signature of this agreement confirms that the subject of the sale is in its exclusive possession and that no rights and claims of third parties are attached to the vehicle.
It further declares that the vehicle is not stolen, the vehicle is not used as a pledge, is not subject to enforcement and is not aware of any circumstances which would impede the sale of the vehicle.
The Seller further declares that the following defects in the vehicle are known to him at the date of sale: . .
The Seller declares that he has not concealed any defect known to the Buyer to him.
The seller claims that the car was – it was not crashed in the past.
Iii. 
The buyer understands that he is buying the item already used and declares that he has been thoroughly and carefully acquainted with the technical condition of the vehicle, its operation and that a test drive has been carried out with it in sufficient length.
The Buyer declares that the seller has been clearly aware of the above-mentioned defects of the vehicle and acknowledges them.
Iv. 
The vehicle referred to in Article I of this Agreement shall be sold by the Seller to the Buyer with all components and accessories at the agreed total purchase price of ... czk (in the words: ...).
The buyer pays the purchase price by transferring to the seller's bank account no..../... To...  days after the signature of this Agreement.
Payment of the purchase price under this contract occurs on the day on which the relevant amount is credited to the seller's account.
V. 
The seller negotiates a reservation of ownership of the subject of sale.
The parties agree that the vehicle specified above remains the seller's property until the total purchase price is fully paid.
The Buyer undertakes to refrain from any disposition with the vehicle that could jeopardise the seller's reservation of ownership.
By payment of the total purchase price referred to in Article 11(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1254 IV of this Agreement, passes to the buyer the ownership of the vehicle sold.
VI. The Seller undertakes, at the date of signature of this agreement, to transmit to the Buyer all technical documentation and accessories relating to the vehicle:
Vehicle registration certificate Part I.  (Small technical card) number: ...
Vehicle registration certificate Part II.  (Large technical card) number: ... 
Vehicle Service Book No. ... issued on ...
Emission measurement certificate, including ... keys to the vehicle.
The Seller declares that he does not hold any other or replacement vehicle keys.
Vii. 
Both the seller and the buyer undertake to submit together the application for registration of the change of the owner or the road vehicle operator to the relevant department of the administrative agenda of the municipal authority with extended competence in the seller's place of residence within 10 days of the signature of this contract.
The Buyer acknowledges that the seller immediately after signing the contract cancels the liability insurance for damage caused by the operation of the motor vehicle and the buyer is therefore obliged to insure the vehicle without delay.
Viii. 
The provisions not governed by this Agreement are governed by the generally applicable laws of the Czech Republic, in particular pursuant to § 2079 and 0.1. No. 89/2012 Coll., Civil Code.
Amendments or additions to this Agreement shall require a form of written amendment signed by both parties.
The contract shall be drawn up in two copies, each of which shall be received one at a time.
The Contracting Parties expressly declare that they have properly read this Agreement before signing, that they agree with its content and that it has been concluded according to their free and genuine will, seriously and comprehensiblely, not in distress and under conspicuously unfavouried conditions for one of the parties.
On the evidence of this, they attach their own signatures.
V... Day...

...
Seller

...
Buyer

